Updated the "Starting a Project" docs to use the new Simple Game Dapp (#894)
Agoric/documentation: main/guides/getting-started/start-a-project.md

> # Your First Agoric Dapp

Author: done

# Your First Agoric Dapp

> After you've [installed the Agoric SDK](./README.md) (_recall: use `agoric --version` to confirm._), you're ready for your first _Agoric Dapp_ (decentralized application).

Author: Yeah, I was thinking it probably makes sense to put this ahead of the SDK installation. Have this be the first exercise in Getting Started, then moving on the SDK install...

> After you've [installed the Agoric SDK](./README.md) (_recall: use `agoric --version` to confirm._), you're ready for your first _Agoric Dapp_ (decentralized application).

Reviewer: With this approach, there is no SDK installation! whee!
Just `yarn create @agoric/dapp`.

> After you've [installed the Agoric SDK](./README.md) (_recall: use `agoric --version` to confirm._), you're ready for your first _Agoric Dapp_ (decentralized application).

Author: Wouldn't a dev still need to install the SDK to create an app though? It's not required for this demo, but it should still be a part of Getting Started, right? Or am I missing something?

> After you've [installed the Agoric SDK](./README.md) (_recall: use `agoric --version` to confirm._), you're ready for your first _Agoric Dapp_ (decentralized application).

Reviewer: > Wouldn't a dev still need to install the SDK to create an app though?

Nope!

`yarn create @agoric/dapp --dapp-template dapp-offer-up demo` is the whole story for creating an app.

They don't need to build the SDK from source. They just need to install relevant packages from NPM like they're used to using `yarn add @agoric/zoe` etc. Installing the right versions of the right packages is still a bit fiddly, so `@agoric/dapp` is a short-cut that gets all the details right.

> After you've [installed the Agoric SDK](./README.md) (_recall: use `agoric --version` to confirm._), you're ready for your first _Agoric Dapp_ (decentralized application).

Reviewer: btw... let's not switch over to editing `README.md` until we're done with my comments so far; it'll be easier to track here.

> # How to Get Help

Reviewer: There should be just one 1st level heading on a page. The rest should be 2nd (or 3rd...) level.

```suggestion
## How to Get Help
```

Author: done

Before getting started, there are some resources you might want to keep handy in case you get stuck, have questions, or are curious about any of the components. Getting in contact with us is easy! 
- Join us for our Weekly [Developer Office Hours](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/wiki/Office-Hours)
- Come chat with us and other developers on the Official [Agoric Discord](https://agoric.com/discord)
- Search and post [Q & A](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/discussions/categories/q-a) in [agoric-sdk discussions](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/discussions)

> - Visit and Tag [Agoric on X](https://twitter.com/agoric)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write to us at https://twitter.com/agoric
```

> - Visit and Tag [Agoric on X](https://twitter.com/agoric)

Reviewer: or:

```suggestion
- Tag [@agoric](https://twitter.com/agoric)
```

Author: Committed your suggestion

> - Visit and Tag [Agoric on X](https://twitter.com/agoric)

Author: I'm pretty sure the current owner would happy to unload it at a steep discount. Think we could pool together a few extra billiion? ;)

> - Send an Email to [Developer Relations](mailto://kbennett@agoric.com)

Author: Gotcha - fenced code blocks :)

> - Send an Email to [Developer Relations](mailto://kbennett@agoric.com)

Author: Looks like all the relevant parts from [#881](https://github.com/Agoric/documentation/pull/881) are covered here...

> - Send an Email to [Developer Relations](mailto://kbennett@agoric.com)

Reviewer: yes, all the getting help stuff from #881 is covered - modulo the email alias

fine by me if we leave out the email item until later

> - Send an Email to [Developer Relations](mailto://kbennett@agoric.com)

Author: Email alias is done! - devrel@agoric.com

# Welcome!
In this tutorial you will install the Agoric SDK as well as a simple application to test the functionality of Agoric.

> Currently Agoric supports [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about), MacOS, and Linux. This tutorial is based on an installation of [Ubuntu 22.04 LTS](https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop). If you're using a different operating system, some variation may be required.

Author: The ease of running it in a VM and having everyone (potentially) start from the same set of bits is what I was really after. Repeatability is golden! :)

> Currently Agoric supports [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about), MacOS, and Linux. This tutorial is based on an installation of [Ubuntu 22.04 LTS](https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop). If you're using a different operating system, some variation may be required.

Author: done :)

> # Installing Curl

Author: Okay - I like that approach better. RE: Curl vs browser - old habits I guess...

> # Installing Curl

Reviewer: > I don't see a way to install NVM via a browser.

The [nvm install docs](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm?tab=readme-ov-file#installing-and-updating) start with:

> To install or update nvm, you should run the [install script](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/v0.39.7/install.sh).

Folks can use their web browser to download the [install script](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/v0.39.7/install.sh).

> I wanted devs to use NVM as it makes switching node versions trivial, and it seems like we have some very specific Node version dependencies which will likely shift over time.

I'm cool with recommending `nvm`. I use it myself. Something like:

----

Install an LTS version of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en); for example, [install nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm?tab=readme-ov-file#installing-and-updating) and use:

```sh
nvm install --lts
nvm use --lts
node --version # for example: v18.17.1
```

----

That should be enough for [our target audience](https://www.notion.so/agoric/Personas-b6582dafc3604749ae872dda1aa4fe55).

> # Installing Curl

Reviewer: > it seems like we have some very specific Node version dependencies which will likely shift over time

With occasional exceptions such as https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/issues/8599 , our policy is: any LTS version of node should work.

I'm inclined to put troubleshooting stuff like 8599 in details boxes:

https://github.com/Agoric/documentation/blob/312d426b33d1f5be23d6d40fc980b2d801728390/main/guides/getting-started/README.md?plain=1#L37-L55

Begin by installing the `curl` utility, if it's not already installed. If using Ubuntu you'll first need to run the command below to prevent an error when installing `curl`.
`sudo apt-get update --fix-missing`

![006](./assets/006.png)

Install the `curl` utility.
`sudo apt install curl`

![007](./assets/007.png)

> # Installing NVM and Node v18.16.0

Reviewer: Let's include a link to [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) itself in here somewhere.

> At this point the Node Version Manager (NVM) utility will be installed. NVM makes it easy to select the specific version of Node that will be required (v18.16.0).

Author: - NVM changed to 'nvm'
- Referred ti v18.16.0 as the "version of Node that will be required for this tutorial". While we support LTS in general, v18.16.0 is required for this specific tutorial. I don't want someone thinking "oh that's the minimum version, I'll just install the latest" and have it not work for them. If this is someone's first interaction with Agoric, I want it to be -flawless-

> `curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.7/install.sh | bash`

Author: This is likely someone's first contact with Agoric, and I believe first impressions really matter. I want success to be the outcome 100% of the time someone runs through these steps, or else we risk losing that new dev. So, that's why I'm a little hesitant to just assume they can use a browser to do this, or complete any steps that aren't explicitly documented. I'm open to a better, more secure and brand-consistent way to do this, I just used these steps because it's what they have in their official docs: https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm?tab=readme-ov-file#installing-and-updating

![008](./assets/008.png)

Next, run the command:

> `source ~/.bashrc`

Author: done :)

![009](./assets/009.png)

> Finally, install NVM with the command:

Author: good catch, thanks!

> `nvm install v18.16.0`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sh
nvm install v18.16.0
```
````

Author: done

![010](./assets/010.png)

> # Installing Yarn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Package Manager: Yarn
```

`yarn` is already installed at this point. `corepack enable` doesn't install new software... at least: I'm pretty sure; I'm not exactly sure how `corepack enable` works, though.

Author: On a fresh Ubuntu image `yarn --version` does not work until the `corepack enable` command runs, then it does, so it's installing yarn somehow?

Run the `corepack enable` command.
`corepack enable`

![023](./assets/023.png)

> Now run the `yarn –version` command
> `yarn –version`

Reviewer: `--version` has 2 `-`s. `–` is some other character. copy/paste won't work.

````suggestion
To confirm that `yarn` is ready:

```sh
yarn --version`
```
````

Author: fixed

![049](./assets/049.png)

# Installing Docker

> Now you'll install Docker using the two commands below. This first command will add the Docker GPG keys to your system, then add the repository to Apt for installation.

Reviewer: The first block has several commands.

```suggestion
Now you'll install Docker using the two steps below. This first block of commands will add the Docker GPG keys to your system, then add the repository to Apt for installation.
```

Author: changed

> ```

Reviewer: to get a bit of syntax highlighting:

````suggestion
```sh
````

Author: done

# Install Docker
# Add Docker's official GPG key:
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install ca-certificates curl gnupg
sudo install -m 0755 -d /etc/apt/keyrings
curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo gpg --dearmor -o /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.gpg
sudo chmod a+r /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.gpg

# Add the repository to Apt sources:
echo \
  "deb [arch=$(dpkg --print-architecture) signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/docker.gpg] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu \
  $(. /etc/os-release && echo "$VERSION_CODENAME") stable" | \
  sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list > /dev/null
sudo apt-get update
```
![027](./assets/027.png)

Now you can install Docker!
`sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-buildx-plugin docker-compose-plugin`

![028](./assets/028.png)

Now that Docker has been installed you'll need to add your user account to the Docker group.
`sudo usermod -aG docker $USER`

![029](./assets/029.png)

> Now go ahead and reboot your image.

Reviewer: Image? What image? Ubuntu was emphasized at the top but there was no mention of a VM. (I am _not_ suggesting that we document how to set up a VM. Quite the opposite. I'm suggesting that we have decided on our target audience, and they already know what "linux, macos, or WSL" means.)

Asking folks to reboot is pretty burdensome. I'm afraid it will cost us quite a bit of our audience. Is it necessary?

![030](./assets/030.png)

> Once your image has rebooted and you've logged back on, test that Docker works by running the `hello-world` sample.

Reviewer: Confirming that docker is working is worthwhile. But let's not mix rebooting in there.

```suggestion
Confirm that Docker works by running the `hello-world` sample.
```

Author: Adding the user to the docker group in the last step sudo usermod -aG docker $USER requires a reboot, otherwise the new group membership isn't evaluated and the docker run hello-world (and all subsequent docker commands) will fail. Open to any better approaches though...

`docker run hello-world`

![031](./assets/031.png)

# Installing the Sample Dapp
Now you'll use yarn to pull down the sample dapp. The sample dapp will be placed in a subfolder named `demo`.
`yarn create @agoric/dapp --dapp-base https://github.com/agoric-labs/ --dapp-template dapp-game-places demo`

![024](./assets/024.png)

> # Install Dapp Dependencies

Reviewer: In #881, I included some motivation, since this step is so burdensome:

"The UI depends on the React framework, and the contract depends on the Agoric framework. The packages in this project also have development dependencies for testing, code formatting, and static analysis."

Reviewer: I also included a troubleshooting details box:

https://github.com/Agoric/documentation/blob/312d426b33d1f5be23d6d40fc980b2d801728390/main/guides/getting-started/README.md?plain=1#L122-L132

Author: Added

Now navigate to the `demo` directory and run the `yarn install` command to install any solution dependencies.
`cd demo`
`yarn install`

![033](./assets/033.png)

> # Starting the Network

Reviewer: "the Network"? any phrase of the form "the X" assumes the reader knows what X is.

```suggestion
## Starting a local Agoric blockchain
```

That's what I used in #881 . Well, I used "Start" rather than "Starting".

Author: changed

Now go ahead and start the network using the `yarn start` command.
`yarn start:docker`

![034](./assets/034.png)

Once the network has started you can check the logs. Once you see messages showing blocks with a status of `commit` you can rest assured the network is running properly.
`yarn docker:logs`

![035](./assets/035.png)

# Starting the Dapp Smart Contract

> Exit the log window and start the smart contract by running the `yarn start` command.

Reviewer: "the log window"?

And it's `yarn start:contract`, not `yarn start`, right?

````suggestion
Use control-C to stop watching the logs. Then start the smart contract:

```sh
yarn start:contract
```
````

`yarn start:contract`

![036](./assets/036.png)

# Installing Keplr Wallet
Next, you'll install the Keplr wallet plug-in. Open up your browser and navigate to [https://www.keplr.app/download](https://www.keplr.app/download). Select the version appropriate to your browser. 

![037](./assets/037.png)

Once the plug-in has been installed, open Keplr and select the option to "Import an existing wallet". Then choose the option to "Use recovery phrase or private key".

![038](./assets/038.png)

> ![040](./assets/040.png)

Reviewer: These keplr screenshots are good, but they're kinda awkwardly large. I suggest using a width of 800 pixels.

```suggestion
<img width="800" src="./assets/040.png" />
```

It would be nice to have more meaningful filenames than `040.png`, but I'm not inspired with names either just now.

We really should have good alt text, though.

Author: ^^ Noted

> To import your wallet, you'll need to copy your mnemonic phrase into Keplr. You can find this series of 24 words back on your terminal window. Copy from this window into your Keplr wallet, then hit the "Import" button. Note that your phrase will NOT be the same as the one shown in this guide, all phrases are unique!

Reviewer: The phrase might well be the same as what's in these docs. It only changes when there's a new agoric-3-proposals image.

And again, due to the importance of security to our brand, it's important to be explicit that the handling of the mnemonic phrase in this tutorial doesn't follow best practices. The way I wrote it in #881 was:

https://github.com/Agoric/documentation/blob/312d426b33d1f5be23d6d40fc980b2d801728390/main/guides/getting-started/README.md?plain=1#L197-L203

Author: ^^ Noted

![039](./assets/039.png)

![041](./assets/041.png)

Give your new wallet a name and a password.

![042](./assets/042.png)

> Ensure the "Cosmos Hub" chain is selected, then click "Save".

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure the choice of chains doesn't matter. Why ensure Cosmos Hub is selected?

Author: Thought that was in the original instructions. But if it's not needed, I'll take it out.

![043](./assets/043.png)

Starting the Dapp
To start the UI for the sample dapp, run the `yarn start:ui` command. Note the localhost link that appears on your terminal window. Open this link in your browser.

> ![044](./assets/044.png)

Reviewer: again, this screenshot looks awkwardly large. suggest width=800 as above

Author: Okay

![045](./assets/045.png)

> From the browser UI, click the "Connect Wallet" button to connect your Keplr wallet. You will be asked to approve this connection.

Reviewer: Good; I think I didn't manage to document the "approve this connection" step.

Author: :)

# Your First Agoric Dapp

> Getting your first Agoric application up and running!

Reviewer: Dapp and application... do those mean the same thing? Are you using different words on purpose?

Is this not a term we want to define on first usage?

For example:

https://github.com/Agoric/documentation/blob/312d426b33d1f5be23d6d40fc980b2d801728390/main/guides/getting-started/README.md?plain=1#L3

The resulting address should be: agoric1xe269y3fhye8nrlduf826wgn499y6wmnv32tw5

make: Leaving directory '/workspace/contract'
Done in 34.95s.
```

![Pasting the mnemonic phrase](./assets/041.png)

Give your new wallet a name and a password.

![Name the newly imported wallet](./assets/042.png)

Click "Save".

![Save](./assets/043.png)

Starting the Dapp
To start the UI for the sample dapp, run the `yarn start:ui` command. Note the localhost link that appears on your terminal window. Open this link in your browser.

![Running the `yarn start:ui` command](./assets/044.png)

![Open the link in your browser](./assets/045.png)

From the browser UI, click the "Connect Wallet" button to connect your Keplr wallet. You will be asked to approve this connection.

![Connecting your wallet](./assets/046.png)

Once your wallet is connected, click on the "Make Offer" button to purchase 3 properties. Approve the transaction in your Keplr wallet.

![Making an offer](./assets/047.png)

When the transaction is complete you will notice some IST has been debited from your wallet, and you are the owner of three new properties.

> ![Finished transaction](./assets/048.png)

Reviewer: This screenshot still has the "off brand" place names. I trust you'll get to that soon. It's one of my last critical comments.

Many of my other comments are probably not critical and I can argue about them in later PRs :)
